README.md, before:

![Pines](http://pinesframework.org/media/logos/default_logo.png)
================================================================

Pines is an Enterprise PHP Application Framework, including a free **Content
Management System**, **Point of Sale**, **Customer Relation Manager**, and
**much more**. A lot of work, and many all nighters have gone into making Pines
a fantastic framework. We hope you enjoy using it as much as we do!

Pines is available **free of charge** under the terms of the GNU AGPL Version 3.

You can find more information about Pines, including a live demo, at the [Pines
Framework website](http://pinesframework.org/).

If you're ready to start making a website with Pines CMS, check out the [Pines
CMS website](http://pinescms.org/).


Pines Around the Web
--------------------

* Follow [Pines on Twitter](http://twitter.com/pinesframework).
* Fork [Pines on GitHub](http://github.com/sciactive).
* Download [Pines on SourceForge](http://sourceforge.net/projects/pines/).
* Tell us you use [Pines on Ohloh](https://www.ohloh.net/p/pines).


More About Pines Framework
--------------------------

A full featured web application framework with an advanced object-relational
mapper, complex method hooking functionality, an advanced package management
system, and MVC architecture. It emphasizes speed and flexible/extensible
structures.

Pines sports an advanced package manager called Pines Plaza which makes
downloading and installing components and templates quick, easy, and secure.

Pines has a full featured Content Management System, Calendar, Instant
Messenger, File Manager, Point of Sale system, Customer Relation Manager, Human
Resource Manager, Web Storefront, Loan Management System, and Internet Cafe
Manager (just to name a few). With conditional configuration, it can run
multiple websites from one installation.

So basically, if you're a PHP developer looking to make a **kick ass webapp**,
Pines is for you! ;)

We're striving to make Pines easy to learn, so if you're ready to start, check
out the [contribute page](http://pinesframework.org/content/page/a-contribute/)
to learn how you can start developing with Pines.


Pines Developer Credit
----------------------
The only time we get to plug ourselves. :P

* [Hunter Perrin](http://github.com/hperrin)
* [Zak Huber](http://github.com/zhuber)
* [Angela Murrell](http://github.com/amurrell)


*Copyright &copy; 2008-2012  [SciActive.com](http://sciactive.com/)*

Commit message:

Begin converting Pines to WonderPHP.

README.md, after:

![WonderPHP](http://pinesframework.org/media/logos/default_logo.png)
================================================================

WonderPHP is an Enterprise PHP Application Framework, including a free **Content
Management System**, **Point of Sale**, **Customer Relation Manager**, and
**much more**. A lot of work, and many all nighters have gone into making WonderPHP
a fantastic framework. We hope you enjoy using it as much as we do!

WonderPHP is available **free of charge** under the terms of the GNU AGPL Version 3.

You can find more information about WonderPHP, including a live demo, at the [WonderPHP
Framework website](http://pinesframework.org/).

If you're ready to start making a website with WonderPHP, check out the [WonderPHP
CMS website](http://pinescms.org/).


WonderPHP Around the Web
--------------------

* Follow [WonderPHP on Twitter](http://twitter.com/pinesframework).
* Fork [WonderPHP on GitHub](http://github.com/sciactive).
* Download [WonderPHP on SourceForge](http://sourceforge.net/projects/pines/).
* Tell us you use [WonderPHP on Ohloh](https://www.ohloh.net/p/pines).


More About WonderPHP
--------------------------

A full featured web application framework with an advanced object-relational
mapper, complex method hooking functionality, an advanced package management
system, and MVC architecture. It emphasizes speed and flexible/extensible
structures.

WonderPHP sports an advanced package manager called WonderPHP Plaza which makes
downloading and installing components and templates quick, easy, and secure.

WonderPHP has a full featured Content Management System, Calendar, Instant
Messenger, File Manager, Point of Sale system, Customer Relation Manager, Human
Resource Manager, Web Storefront, Loan Management System, and Internet Cafe
Manager (just to name a few). With conditional configuration, it can run
multiple websites from one installation.

So basically, if you're a PHP developer looking to make a **kick ass webapp**,
WonderPHP is for you! ;)

We're striving to make WonderPHP easy to learn, so if you're ready to start, check
out the [contribute page](http://pinesframework.org/content/page/a-contribute/)
to learn how you can start developing with WonderPHP.


WonderPHP Developer Credit
----------------------
The only time we get to plug ourselves. :P

* [Hunter Perrin](http://github.com/hperrin)
* [Zak Huber](http://github.com/zhuber)
* [Angela Murrell](http://github.com/amurrell)


*Copyright &copy; 2008-2013  [SciActive.com](http://sciactive.com/)*
